This is our version of the classic monkey hunter experiment.
Here is our projectile.
Here is our blowgun over here...
and here is our monkey hanging from electromagnet right over here.
We are going to take this projectile and push in through using air,
through this gun,
which is aimed directly at the monkey.
As the projectile leaves the end of the gun...
it will break through this piece of tin foil,
which is at the end of the gun.
Which will allow the monkey to start the fall at the same time the projectile leaves the gun.
Why don't we do the experiment and see what happens.
** not decipherable** unnatural
So as you can see is that... as long as the gun is pointed directly at the monkey,
as soon as the ball leaves the end of the gun...
it starts to fall due to gravity.
The monkey is falling due to gravity.
That's the same lane, so they will meet somewhere along the path of the monkey.
The speed of the ball leaving the gun is independent of this fact
and no matter where that monkey is,
no matter what the speed of the ball...
it will meet the monkey coming down from the electromagnet.
But as you can also tell there are no monkeys hurt in this experiment.